c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\DevStore.Api.dll.config
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\DevStore.Api.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\DevStore.Api.pdb
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\DevStore.Domain.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\DevStore.Infra.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\DevStore.Domain.pdb
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\DevStore.Infra.pdb
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\obj\Debug\DevStore.Api.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\obj\Debug\DevStore.Api.dll
c:\users\andrebaltieri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevStore\DevStore.Api\obj\Debug\DevStore.Api.pdb
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\DevStore.Api.dll.config
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\DevStore.Api.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\DevStore.Api.pdb
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\DevStore.Domain.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\DevStore.Infra.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\DevStore.Domain.pdb
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\DevStore.Infra.pdb
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\obj\Debug\DevStore.Api.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\obj\Debug\DevStore.Api.dll
C:\development\repository\andrebaltieri\pessoal\devstore-api\src\DevStore.Api\obj\Debug\DevStore.Api.pdb
